Add GH action to close stale PRs (#977)
radius-project/samples: CONTRIBUTING.md

> # Contributing Pull Requests

Author: @AaronCrawfis Copied most of it from the Radius repo contributions guide. Let me know what you think.

Reviewer: Thanks for noticing that we're missing a CONTRIBUTING.md file! We'll definitely need one. Could you actually just make this file a pointer to https://docs.radapp.io/community/contributing/docs/ ?

We have most of the contributing information there.

Thanks!!

Reviewer: Thought I was in the docs repo, please disregard 😆

## What to work on

We welcome small pull request contributions from anyone (docs improvements, bug fixes, minor features.) as long as they follow a few guidelines:

- For very minor changes like correcting a typo feel free to just send a pull request without any ceremony. Otherwise ... 
- Please start by [choosing an existing issue](https://github.com/radius-project/samples/issues), or [opening an issue](https://github.com/radius-project/samples/issues/new/choose) to work on.
- The maintainers will respond to your issue, please work with the maintainers to ensure that what you're doing is in scope for the project before writing any code.
- If you have any doubt whether a contribution would be valuable, feel free to ask.

We the maintainers have discretion over what features and pull requests we accept. Please understand that we are responsible for the long-term support and maintenance of Radius, and so we sometimes need to make hard decisions to limit the scope. For another perspective on this, we really like this [article](https://www.igvita.com/2011/12/19/dont-push-your-pull-requests/).

## Sending a pull request

> Please submit pull requests using a forked repo and open pull requests against the `edge` branch (the default) unless otherwise instructed.

Author: @AaronCrawfis should this be `edge` or the latest release branch?

> Please submit pull requests using a forked repo and open pull requests against the `edge` branch (the default) unless otherwise instructed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Please submit pull requests using a forked repo and open pull requests against:

- The default, versioned branch (`v0.30` for example) if you are adding/fixing a sample and it is compatible with the latest release of Radius.
- The `edge` branch if you are contributing a sample that requires a feature that will be available in the next release of Radius.
```

Hmmm it's a little nuanced based on what you're trying to do. Lemme see if I can take a crack at it above

Author: Makes sense, thank you! :)

### Being proactive 

It can be helpful for you to comment on your own PR to point out relevant locations, decisions, opportunities for feedback, and tricky parts. This will help reviewers focus their attention as well as save them time.

### Resolving Feedback

You can "resolve" comments on your pull request when you've addressed the feedback: either through discussion or through making a code change. As the contributor of the pull-request feel free to mark comments as resolved when you feel like you've done a reasonable job addressing the feedback.

If you are the code reviewer, it's your responsibility to follow up (politely) if you feel your feedback has not been addressed adequately.

### Participating in code review

We welcome **any contributor or community member** to engage with **any pull request** on our repository. Feel free to make suggestions for improvements and ask questions that are relevant. If you're asking questions for your learning, please make it clear that your questions are "non-blocking" for the pull request.

> See the [code reviewing documentation](../contributing-code/contributing-code-reviewing/README.md) for guidance on code reviewing.

Reviewer: This link will be broken, let's update it to an fully qualified URL to the radius repo

Author: Good catch

Author: Updated. Thanks for reviewing! Let me know if anything else looks off.

### Being proactive 

It can be helpful for you to comment on your own PR to point out relevant locations, decisions, opportunities for feedback, and tricky parts. This will help reviewers focus their attention as well as save them time.

### Resolving Feedback

You can "resolve" comments on your pull request when you've addressed the feedback: either through discussion or through making a code change. As the contributor of the pull-request feel free to mark comments as resolved when you feel like you've done a reasonable job addressing the feedback.

If you are the code reviewer, it's your responsibility to follow up (politely) if you feel your feedback has not been addressed adequately.

### Participating in code review

We welcome **any contributor or community member** to engage with **any pull request** on our repository. Feel free to make suggestions for improvements and ask questions that are relevant. If you're asking questions for your learning, please make it clear that your questions are "non-blocking" for the pull request.

> See the [code reviewing documentation](../contributing-code/contributing-code-reviewing/README.md) for guidance on code reviewing.

Author: ```suggestion
See the [code reviewing documentation](https://github.com/radius-project/radius/blob/main/docs/contributing/contributing-code/contributing-code-reviewing/README.md) for guidance on code reviewing.
```
